- [Instructor] In this video, we are going to auto-wire,
read, and create functionality into our controller.
We will finally be able to call an endpoint
in our Postman client and actually create a docment
in our MongoDB instance.
Let's open up IntelliJ
and navigate to src, main, java,
into the controller package.
Let's open up the ReservationResource class
and let's add in an instance of the ReservationService.
Type in private final
ReservationService.
Then let's use the keyboard shortcut Command-N
and create a constructor.
Be sure ReservationService is selected and click OK.
Now, let's add in an Autowired annotation.
Spring will now inject a instance
of the ReservationService implementation
into our controller.
Let's go down to line 29 in the getReservation by id method.
Let's call the ReservationService
and then call the getReservation method, passing in the id.
Looks like we misnamed the id here as well,
so let's right-click, go to Refactor, Rename,
and change it to id.
Let's also change it in the path.
Now, let's update the return type to Reservation.
Next up, let's go to the createReservation method.
Let's call the ReservationService
and let's call the createReservation method,
passing in that reservation.
Then let's update the return type.
Okay, our controller is hooked up to our service now.
Let's try starting up our application.
Let's open up the project window.
Right-click on the Reactive Service Application class
and select Run.
So it looks like we have a duplicate bean definition.
We can fix that by going into
the ReactiveSpringApplication class
and modifying the SpringBootApplication annotation
and adding in a exclude parameter.
Let's exclude the MongoDataAutoConfiguration class.
We don't need the AutoConfiguration class
'cause we are manually defining our reactiveMongoTemplate
in our class DataConfig.
So now, let's try running again.
Let's take a look at this error message.
Let's scroll over.
Let's copy the name
of this MongoReactiveDataAutoConfiguration class
and add that into the exclude statement.
Let's go ahead and save
and restart.
Okay, great, it starts up correctly now.
Now, let's open up Postman.
Let's import the collection that contains
all the requests we need.
Click on Import
and then go into chapter six,
video three,
end,
and you should find a file
labelled reactive-app.postman_collection.json.
If you import that into Postman,
it will automatically create the post, put, delete,
and get requests you need.
So let's go ahead and try to create a reservation.
Click on Create Reservation,
click on the Body tab,
and review the data here.
We are creating a reservation for this date range
for room 123
at the price 150.
Okay, let's go ahead and send.
We got a 200 OK
and a JSON body response
for the reservation we just created.
Let's go ahead and grab that id,
open up Get Reservation.
Let's enter in that id as a path variable
and then issue that request.
As you can see, we can now look up a reservation by id.
If you do a lookup for a nonexistent reservation,
you get a empty response body.